I'm JB Bernstein I'm a sports agent hey
who's that she's my neighbor not my type
why because she's not a model yeah stay
away from that right now I'm on the
verge of a huge break not this deal
we're done it's going on here don't tell
me you signed a contract with these guys
this is just business
guess what we're out of money from out
on orders to do Jamie
[Music]
hey faster they pitch in cricket and
they're gonna crack this is called
million-dollar arm we find the first
major league baseball player from India
like being on the rug words cannot
express right how are you gonna know if
anyone can throw could keep your eyes
shut all day I can hear it
really ah it was about a 43 bingo we
have our finalists welcome to America
boys
where's nobody did was did okay all
right guys who is that
is she is Helen she's a beautiful
servant
we can't train somebody was never picked
up a baseball
okay so how's it going baseball is very
hard
this is Major League Baseball not some
social experiment not ready for this
kind of pressure there's business on
this side show these guys are not ready
for a pro tryout their chances fall
between slim and none
ah are you okay these kids they're my
last best shot but they're also just a
couple of great kids kids I mean they
were far from home they needed to see
that you care
Wow this whole alternative family thing
looks good on you see this partner lo
you've got a major league tryout are you
messing with us no I'm not messing with
you you got to try it
alright go ahead said did you kiss miss
Brenda no she kissed me Oh